---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Berlin Cricket Academy
date: 2020-05-26T15:04:10.000Z
featuredpost: true
description: Berlin Cricket Academy - for both that have played the game and those that have never picked up a bat before!
tags:
  - introduction
  - story
  - cricket
---

Berlin cricket academy is all about "Developing Talent & Enhancing
Performance". We aim to create a platform and environment from which
“cricket becomes one of the most accessible sports for women & youth at
grassroots level in Germany.

Berlin Cricket Academy aims to create unforgettable and empowering
sporting experiences for females and youths of all ages, abilities and
backgrounds. BCA aspires to be the go-to coaching initiative for all female
and youth players and coaches within the game and beyond, building
confidence and forging lasting friendships both on and off the field.

## For whom

- We welcome both experienced and new players so if you fancy trying out
  cricket but don’t know the difference between your googly and your
  mullygrubber don’t worry, the most important thing is that we are a
  friendly bunch and want to spread our love for cricket!
- BCA has a high quality coaching team dedicated to inspiring women and
  boys/girls to enjoy cricket at all levels and to take on all challenges both on
  and off the sporting field.
- When you sign up to BCA you can be assured players will receive coaching
  from some of the most highly-qualified coaches in the sport.
- BCA will supply all equipments, however players own equipment can be
  brought with you.
